README.md, before:

# Virtual Commissioning and virtual-commissioning-wrapper in MODAPTO

Virtual Commissioning consists of an industrial virtual commissioning software toolsuite (in this case RF::SUITE) and the MODAPTO integrated GUI (VC wrapper application) which provides access to MODAPTO system users.

The Virtual Commissioning Wrapper application enables the user to perform the following functions.

- Upload MODAPTO Module to MODAPTO system from a virtual commissioning user storage
![Upload MODAPTO Module](images/VC_UploadModule.png)
- Download MODAPTO Module to a user storage (incl. FMUs) to a virtual commissioning user storage
![Download MODAPTO Module](images/VC_DownloadModule.png)
- Update MODAPTO Modules with included virtual commissioning results comprising sustainability metrics after Virtual Commissioning
![Update MODAPTO Module](images/VC_UpdateModule.png)
- Upload Virtual Commissioning Process Analysis Report for a specific MODAPTO Module from a virtual commissioning user storage
![Upload PA](images/VC_UploadPAReport.png)
- Download Virtual Commissioning Process Analysis Report for a specific MODAPTO Module to a virtual commissioning user storage
![Download PA](images/VC_DownloadPAReport.png)
- Display MODAPTO Modules’ virtual commissioning results (process analysis report and sustainability metrics)
![Display VC results](images/VC_PAResult.png)
![Display VC results](images/VC_Result.png)
- Delete MODAPTO Module from MODAPTO system
![Delete MODAPTO Module](images/VC_RemoveModule.png)

Commit message:

Update README with more details on Virtual Commissioning
Clarified the description of the Virtual Commissioning and its relationship with the MODAPTO system, and added details about VC wrapper application capabilities.

README.md, after:

# Virtual Commissioning and virtual-commissioning-wrapper in MODAPTO

Virtual Commissioning consists of an industrial virtual commissioning software toolsuite (in this case RF::SUITE) and the MODAPTO integrated GUI (VC wrapper application) which provides access to MODAPTO system users which is included in this present repository.
The VC wrapper application may be used in combination with every VC toolsuite 
- supporting AAS and FMI standard for production module descriptions and simulations and
- providing AAS and HTML based results.

The Virtual Commissioning Wrapper application enables the user to perform the following functions.

- Upload MODAPTO Module to MODAPTO system from a virtual commissioning user storage
![Upload MODAPTO Module](images/VC_UploadModule.png)
- Download MODAPTO Module to a user storage (incl. FMUs) to a virtual commissioning user storage
![Download MODAPTO Module](images/VC_DownloadModule.png)
- Update MODAPTO Modules with included virtual commissioning results comprising sustainability metrics after Virtual Commissioning
![Update MODAPTO Module](images/VC_UpdateModule.png)
- Upload Virtual Commissioning Process Analysis Report for a specific MODAPTO Module from a virtual commissioning user storage
![Upload PA](images/VC_UploadPAReport.png)
- Download Virtual Commissioning Process Analysis Report for a specific MODAPTO Module to a virtual commissioning user storage
![Download PA](images/VC_DownloadPAReport.png)
- Display MODAPTO Modules’ virtual commissioning results (process analysis report and sustainability metrics)
![Display VC results](images/VC_PAResult.png)
![Display VC results](images/VC_Result.png)
- Delete MODAPTO Module from MODAPTO system
![Delete MODAPTO Module](images/VC_RemoveModule.png)
